McCarthy:The Dartmouth conference was the perfect place to debut the logic theorist. Almost every
McCarthy:important leader in the AI field attended the event that sparked the golden age of AI development,
McCarthy:which I was notably a part of.
McCarthy:I believed that Newell's approach to decision making was the right path for AI. 
McCarthy:If we can make logical decisions to solve problems, we could start thinking like a human.
McCarthy:To create these new AI programs, scientists would need a powerful language. 
McCarthy:(((((((((()))))))))
McCarthy:Oooo are those parentheses I see? That reminds me of a certain language.
McCarthy:The Logic Theorist proved that AI needed three key components: list processing, heuristics,
McCarthy:and reasoning as search. 
McCarthy:Therefore, I created the most (elegant) programming language: LISP, to efficiently 
McCarthy:create symbolic lists. 
McCarthy:The language used notation very similar to Alonzo Church's lambda calculus, 
McCarthy:with maybe a few extra parentheses. The language also pioneered tree data structures used in 
McCarthy:the reasoning as search algorithm. This made LISP quite appealing to 
McCarthy:AI research and was widely used.
McCarthy: Let's go back to a few of those components listed earlier, as they were both a blessing 
McCarthy:and a curse for the symbolic approach. Reasoning as search was a method of moving across 
McCarthy:a search tree looking for the answer to the hypothesis at the root. 
McCarthy:Each branch was a logical deduction leading to the desired outcome. 
McCarthy: Many of the game AIs developed used this approach. For instance in chess, the AI would search 
McCarthy:for its next best move by searching through the tree of all possible moves. 
McCarthy:However this produces another problem, the tree may get a bit large. 
McCarthy:This may result in a combinatorial explosion, where the 
McCarthy:number of possibilities grows astronomically, 
McCarthy:making it impossible to process with the computational power available. 
McCarthy:That's where heuristics come in.
McCarthy:This is the process of eliminating certain paths before they get too large by 
McCarthy:following known rules of thumb or intuition. 
McCarthy:Essentially, we guess!
McCarthy:Most of us thought that with some more clever tricks, AI was just around the corner! 
Rosenblatt:I, too, was quite optimistic about the future.
McCarthy:Ah Frank Rosenblatt, another esteemed figure in AI research. 
McCarthy:I thought I quarantined your AI subsystems to the latrine.
Rosenblatt:McCarthy, you were always too arrogant in your symbolic approach to see 
Rosenblatt:that humans didn't solve problems that way. 
Rosenblatt:There was no intentionality to your solutions, a machine can't think like a human if 
Rosenblatt:it doesn't understand the objects it uses. 
Rosenblatt:My perceptron was more "symbolic" of human thought, 
Rosenblatt:using biology as a source to actually learn.
McCarthy:I don't want to have this argument again Rosenblatt. 
McCarthy:You deal with the human, I'll be up in my study where I have endless parentheses to play with.
