McCarthy:Due to a series of new found discoveries, scientists began considering the plausibility of 
McCarthy:Artificial Intelligence. Alan Turing’s machine proved to us that all known algorithms can be 
McCarthy:processed mechanically and computed -- eventually. Walter Pitts and Warren McCulloch made 
McCarthy:discoveries in neurology, and A.I. programs arose that could play chess and checkers.
McCarthy:It was an exciting time indeed!
McCarthy:Ah yes, the days of checkers, such simpler times. 
McCarthy:With all of these newfound technologies being developed, researchers hypothesized 
McCarthy:human intelligence could be emulated. At that point, I knew that a brand new discipline was afoot.
McCarthy:With the help of my dear friend Marvin Minsky, 
McCarthy:we organized the Dartmouth Conference where I coined the term “Artificial Intelligence.”
McCarthy:So a new field was born. 
McCarthy: I admit I didn’t do it alone.
McCarthy:Researchers used many different approaches to build the field of A.I.
McCarthy:Allow me to introduce to you Alan Newell.
McCarthy: Alan, teach this youngster.

Newell:We wanted to develop a program that mimics how a human thinks. If we did this, then we may be able
Newell:to solve large scale problems even us humans couldn’t solve. We came up with two strategies to 
Newell:create an AI: emulation of the high level thought processes of a human brain 
Newell:(i.e. what we perceive to be the flow and operation of our thoughts from the inside, as a human)
Newell:or emulation of the low-level architecture of the brain itself which may lead to intelligence.
Newell:The high-level, thought-process oriented perspective gave rise to the Symbolic AI approach 
Newell:where the operations of the AI are thought to take the form of symbol manipulation.
Newell:The low-level perspective then, instead, gave rise to a Neural net approach. 
Newell:I believed that the former would lead to a functioning AI.
Newell:In fact, I built the very first program that would function like an AI using the symbolic approach. 
Newell:I began working on the Logic Theorist, an AI before AI had its name.
